tidb: add doc for `batch-policy` config (#18446)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

- Default value: `41s`
- It is required to set this value larger than twice of the Raft election timeout.

### `batch-policy` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.3.0</span>

> - Controls the batching strategy for requests from TiDB to TiKV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Controls the batching strategy for requests from TiDB to TiKV. When sending requests to TiKV, TiDB always encapsulates the requests in the current waiting queue into a `BatchCommandsRequest` and sends it to TiKV as a package. This is the basic batching strategy. When the load throughput is high, TiDB decides whether to wait for an extra period after the basic batching based on the `batch-policy` configuration item. This additional batching allows more requests to be encapsulated in a single `BatchCommandsRequest`.
```

- Default value: `41s`
- It is required to set this value larger than twice of the Raft election timeout.

### `batch-policy` <span class="version-mark">New in v8.3.0</span>

- Controls the batching strategy for requests from TiDB to TiKV. When sending requests to TiKV, TiDB always encapsulates the requests in the current waiting queue into a `BatchCommandsRequest` and sends it to TiKV as a package. This is the basic batching strategy. When the load throughput is high, TiDB decides whether to wait for an extra period after the basic batching based on the `batch-policy` configuration item. This additional batching allows more requests to be encapsulated in a single `BatchCommandsRequest`.
- Default value: `"standard"`
- Value options:
    - `"basic"`: the behavior is consistent with versions before v8.3.0, where TiDB performs additional batching only if [`tikv-client.max-batch-wait-time`](#max-batch-wait-time) is greater than 0 and the load of TiKV exceeds the value of [`tikv-client.overload-threshold`](#overload-threshold).

>     - `"standard"`: TiDB dynamically batches requests based the arrival time intervals of recent requests, suitable for high-throughput scenarios.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `"standard"`: TiDB dynamically batches requests based on the arrival time intervals of recent requests, suitable for high-throughput scenarios.
```

    - `"positive"`: TiDB always performs additional batching, suitable for high-throughput testing scenarios to achieve optimal performance. However, in low-load scenarios, this strategy might introduce unnecessary batching wait time, potentially reducing performance.

>     - `"custom{...}"`: you can customize the batching strategy parameters. It is not recommended to set this value option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `"custom{...}"`: allows customization of batching strategy parameters. This is used for the internal testing of TiDB and is **NOT recommended** for use.
```

>     - `"custom{...}"`: allows customization of batching strategy parameters. This is used for the internal testing of TiDB and is **NOT recommended** for use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - `"custom{...}"`: allows customization of batching strategy parameters. This option is intended for the internal testing of TiDB and is **NOT recommended** for general use.
```
